Feature/add integration tests and api fixes (#56)
CSCfi/metadata-submitter: README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/CSCfi/metadata-submitter/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/CSCfi/metadata-submitter?branch=master)

Metadata submission service to handle submissions of EGA metadata, either as XML files or via form submissions. Submissions through graphical frontend and POST are supported.
Service also validates submitted metadata objects against EGA XSD metadata models and saves objects to database.

## Install and run

Requirements:
- Python 3.6+
- Mongodb
- Docker + docker-compose

> For quick testing, go to the `development` folde and launch server and database with Docker by running `docker-compose up  --build` (add `-d` flag to run containers in background). Server can then be found from `http://localhost:5430`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For quick testing, go to the `development` folder and launch server and database with Docker by running `docker-compose up  --build` (add `-d` flag to run containers in background). Server can then be found from `http://localhost:5430`.
```

For more detailed setup, do following:
- Install project by running: `pip install .` in project root
- Setup mongodb and env variables via desired way, details:
  - Server expects to find mongodb instance running, spesified with following environmental variables:
    - `MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_USERNAME`, username for admin user to mondogb instance
    - `MONGO_INITDB_ROOT_PASSWORD`, password for admin user to mondogb instance
    - `MONGODB_HOST`, host and port for mongodb instance (e.g. `localhost:27017`)

>   - As a default, server uses default values from MongoDB Docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - out of the box, the `Metadata Submitter` is configured server uses default values from MongoDB Docker image.
```
